q.1 : I like to conribute to a project which has my area of interest, but 
but it uses  GNU C and iam not expert at it and i lack confidence also,
how to go solve this situation ?
a.1 : A project can be programmed using multiple languages.So contribute
to the project in the language of your choice and later when you gain
more knowledge about the project then may be you can contribute using 
GNU C also.

q.2 : How to manage time when working on multiple projects ?
a.2 : Allot a week of time on a particular project. Then another one
for another week and so on.

q.3 : Name an easy way to start contributing to a complex project ?
a.3 : start contributing to the project library starting with simple
ones. start a library if it does not exist.Start by writing API if 
possible. ( for example a search function for the project).

q.4 : Which subject should i focus on and how ?
a.4 : Focus on computer graphics by working on GNU projects such as
GNU Trueprint and GNU gleem. Keep working on GNU gleem. Also try to 
get involved in graphics projects of Apache.
(Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly 
you are doing the impossible.Saint Francis of Assisi). Make computer 
graphics a  project of a life time.



q.5 : Why should i keep a hard copy book  library on computer graphics ?
a.5 : For keeping interest in the subject and for fantasy and enjoyment
of beauty.Also try to get books of fundamental importance of computer
graphics and related subjects.

q.6 : Will beautifulwork attain to  fame and financial success ?
a.6 : beautifulwork may attain to fame and financial success

q.7 : Will beautifulwork help me fix my problems and make me a realized 
man.
a.7 : beautifulwork may help me smoothen my thinking.
it will help in realization.beautifulwork will help me
gain knowledge and help me in debugging problems.may be
it is possible to develop a new science using beautifulwork.


q.8 : Will people use my work(beautifulwork) ?
a.8 : People may use my work in a small scale.
i do not yet have a team to work on beautifulwork.
there may be other established sources to get the
information that is given in beautifulwork.

q.9 : Will my current job be affected if i learn geometry and
spend more time with geometry and will it be a problem if i stop
doing beautifulwork ?
a.9 : i like problem solving.if i have true talent in geometry,
and then if it makes me blissful then i can work with geoemetry.
actually doing beautifulwork is also solving the problem of lack
of knowledge.i have to find out a way to integrate geometry work 
into beautifulwork.go from easy to easy things in geometry. do like
how you did it for linux related in beautifulwork.Try to contribute
to GNU libmatheval and GNU gsl.  

q.10 : Why should i change to new theme in beautifulwork.org ?
a.10 : the new theme looks beautiful.instead of normally doing
my modification to the theme i shall normally wait for the next
release of the theme.i do not have to spent unnecessary time on
fixing things in old theme related to pages that has been converted
from posts(fixing the long list of page links at the footer related
part of the theme.

q.11 : should i work in linux kernel in API in geometry ?
a.11 : i like to work with a scientific background in geometry.
but while doing linux kernel api stuff, it may require knowledge
about the working of an operating system.it may require computer
science knowledge.taking computer graphics and Linux kernel stuff
together will be overload and will end up in  mental pressure.
i feel kernel stuff to be complex and not typically simple and
fundamental for me.i also has to learn about kernel code base related
and other things.it is better not to get involved in many things , since
i already plan for GNU libmatheval and GNU gsl.If i go in depth creating
functions related to geometry and graphics, the code may be taken by
many other projects other than GNU gsl and GNU libmatheval related.

q.12 : ( GNU gsl and GNU libmatheval ) Vs Linux Kernel.
a.12 : Linux kernel is a popular technology/science related and
may fade away in the course of time.Everything will pass. But good 
science will last longer.that does not mean that working with Linux
kernel is bad.Linux Kernel may be the need of the hour.I will try
to focus on Geometry related because i find it easy.May be once you 
have enough base with good science then you may be able to work with
popular science any time.

q.13 : why do i  find it hard to learn system software programming ?
a.13 :  may be i learn about system software and computer science through
system administration.i also do not have typical talent in computer science.
i have talent in mathematics and computing.

q.14 : how do i contribute to GNU gsl and GNU libmatheval  related ?
a.14 : try to contribute by sending patches to existing code
in GNU gsl and try to learn necessary mathematics for that .
also try contacting GNU gsl people and ask that you are interested in
geometry and if any help is required then aks for details.

q.15 : Why am i unable to read typically books from foreign authors ?
a.15 : i have problem with english. i should try to read books which 
use simple english. like www.wikibooks.org .

